
correspond; and it is upon its value in determining the metre,
makes a great point of the fact that Milton's own spelling,
are peculiarities of Milton's spelling which are really  significant,
eleventh of Comus, which Prof. Masson gives as:-
quite as much as its antiquarian interest, that I should base a
is notorious that in Paradise Lost some words were spelt upon a
dress of a bygone age.  If the question were put to me I should
facsimiled under the superintendence of Dr. Aldis Wright, and
At this point the candid reader may perhaps ask what advantage
true, as the reader may see for himself by comparing the
passage from the manuscript given in the appendix with the
is gained by presenting these poems to modern readers in the
deliberate system, and it may very well happen that in the
justification of this reprint.  Take, for instance, such a line as the
even Prof. Masson, who in his excellent edition argues the
point and decides in favour of modern spelling, allows that there
of them.  But in cases where the spelling affects the metre, we
edition based upon this, in which the spelling is frankly that of
redundant e's, while the printer of the 1645 book is very sparing
probably evade it by pointing out that Mr. Frowde is issuing an
manuscript, invaluable to all students of Milton, has lately been
corresponding place in the text.  Milton's own spelling revels in
volume of minor poems which the poet saw through the press in
1645, there were spellings no less systematic.  Prof. Masson
and ought therefore to be noted or preserved.  But who is to
exhibited in the autograph manuscript of some of the minor
determine exactly which words are spelt according to the poet's
correspond with that of the printed copy. [Note: This
own instructions, and which according to the printer's whim?  It
answer might be found.  To begin with, I should point out that
to-day.  But if the question were pressed, I think a sufficient
poems preserved in Trinity College, Cambridge, does not
find that the printed text and Milton's manuscript closely
published at the Cambridge University press].  This is certainly
