
1645, there were spellings no less systematic.  Prof. Masson
At this point the candid reader may perhaps ask what advantage
and ought therefore to be noted or preserved.  But who is to
answer might be found.  To begin with, I should point out that
are peculiarities of Milton's spelling which are really  significant,
correspond with that of the printed copy. [Note: This
correspond; and it is upon its value in determining the metre,
corresponding place in the text.  Milton's own spelling revels in
deliberate system, and it may very well happen that in the
determine exactly which words are spelt according to the poet's
dress of a bygone age.  If the question were put to me I should
edition based upon this, in which the spelling is frankly that of
eleventh of Comus, which Prof. Masson gives as:-
even Prof. Masson, who in his excellent edition argues the
exhibited in the autograph manuscript of some of the minor
facsimiled under the superintendence of Dr. Aldis Wright, and
find that the printed text and Milton's manuscript closely
is gained by presenting these poems to modern readers in the
is notorious that in Paradise Lost some words were spelt upon a
justification of this reprint.  Take, for instance, such a line as the
makes a great point of the fact that Milton's own spelling,
manuscript, invaluable to all students of Milton, has lately been
of them.  But in cases where the spelling affects the metre, we
own instructions, and which according to the printer's whim?  It
passage from the manuscript given in the appendix with the
poems preserved in Trinity College, Cambridge, does not
point and decides in favour of modern spelling, allows that there
probably evade it by pointing out that Mr. Frowde is issuing an
published at the Cambridge University press].  This is certainly
quite as much as its antiquarian interest, that I should base a
redundant e's, while the printer of the 1645 book is very sparing
to-day.  But if the question were pressed, I think a sufficient
true, as the reader may see for himself by comparing the
volume of minor poems which the poet saw through the press in
